Welcome back my students on this lecture what I want to do is I want to upgrade our logging application
with a different password hashing system.
And right now we're using in this registration register user function we use AM the 5 and the 5s a little
older we might we it's good to use actually password underscore hash is a newer function is more secure.
And of course I'm doing this because one of our students actually requested this.
And I want to make him happy I want to make you happy.
And let's do it.
Let's actually create this so instead of using undefined function we are going to be using password
hash.
Now keep in mind that this function works with BHP or a newer Petri version I believe five point four
or five point five.
If you are looking to 5.3 I don't think it works with 5.3.
I'm not 100 percent sure you can look it up on beach on their web site but you shouldn't be concerned
too much with ABB but you can actually make some type of statement here and and test for that.
But anyway so password we passed a password with this has a couple friend parameters so that password
the algorithm that we are going to be using Well we're going to use this constant call the here.
We also have another parameter that can be an array with options and we're just going to pass the cost.
How how tough this password is going to be basically there are more 10 and 12 is actually a good practice.
If you make it this number too big it's going to take too long to have your password.
The reason why we do this is just make it harder for people to hack into our application right.
So let's go and look for the next five function logging user right here.
OK.
And we are going to replace all of this out
with something else selects
come back here and let's do password hash actually is verify that we go.
So we verify the password.
The old one and the new password was.
So if I have this in another if this password is good then we just basically do what we were doing last
session.
Got a piece of code right.
And then after that make sure that you set the session email
we can return TRUE
else we return false OK.
And this should work the same way we were doing before.
So one thing that I have to do here that we have to do is register a user but before we register a user
I believe I have the wrong you are held here somewhere when we get in the link.
So as you can see I have this Web site here and I don't want that what I'm going to do is in configurations
I want to create a cost and we have this you are all here for development purposes.
So let's go to our configuration class and let's create this constant here.
Let's call this the low def development you are l and that's just going to be a string like this
OK.
And I also won a production production one which
which in this case is HTP
and called college I believe it is.
And I think he's logging app or something like that.
OK let's see.
Yep that's the way it is.
OK.
So let's actually include that here real quick.
And we have to cut everything out here.
Like this
and like that.
And now we have to bring that config and we put the development you are l there just like that.
OK.
And that should work good.
Let's go and register a user.
Let's go here.
Great user link here somewhere right.
But anyway so let's register a new user.
I'm going to register a user called Jimmy or let's call
it doesn't matter.
What am I doing.
And joy and joy on recording faculty because he works there.
I'm joking by the way and he's Bassel was Edwin believe it or not I don't know why he would have a password
like that because that's easy to crack right.
All right.
So we're going to register the user and it looks like something something good happen this click here.
And as you can see your cars be activated.
Please log in join the coding faculty and his passwords Edwyn and then log in and voila.
OK.
So thank you very much guys.
We are done here with this functionality.
I want to take the time to thank many of you that take the time to review the course and some of you
have given me such an excellent review.
I really look at those.
Believe it or not I don't have all the time in the world to respond to all of you but thank you so much
for giving this course such an amazing review and I'm going to try to keep adding as much as I can.
I appreciate the nice comments that you gave Samuel.
E-mails or messages if you want to recommend something to me private message me in this course or you're
not getting contact with me.
If you want to talk about Course related stuff go ahead and make a discussion about it.
OK.
Anything to do with the Course it's something that you one requests or you or any issues you have anything
personal send it to my email Edwin.
Edwin has more editing according faculty come to private message me.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next features or the next course.